README.md, before:

## Angular-RU SDK

[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](http://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/branch/main/LICENSE)
[![CI Build](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![CI Release](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/release.yml)

The Angular-RU Software Development Kit (SDK) is a set of tool chain that implement common interaction patterns whilst
being un opinionated about their presentation for Angular. It represents an abstraction of the core functionalities
found in the Angular.

---

### Migration to v19

Check out the [migration guide](docs/introduction/migration-v19.md) when migrating to `v19` from `v18` or earlier.

### Compatiblity

| Angular | cdk / ngxs | Standalone Components |
| ------- | ---------- | --------------------- |
| 20+     | 19         | ✔️                    |
| 18+     | 18         | ❌                    |

### Packages

| **Package**                                                    | **Version**                                                       | **README**                                                                                           | **Downloads**                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [@angular-ru/cdk](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/cdk)   | ![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40angular-ru%2Fcdk/latest.svg)  | [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation--green.svg)](https://angular-ru-1.gitbook.io/sdk/cdk)  | [![](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@angular-ru/cdk)](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/cdk)   |
| [@angular-ru/ngxs](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/ngxs) | ![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40angular-ru%2Fngxs/latest.svg) | [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation--green.svg)](https://angular-ru-1.gitbook.io/sdk/ngxs) | [![](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@angular-ru/ngxs)](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/ngxs) |

Commit message:

docs: add the documentation link in README [ci skip]

README.md, after:

## Angular-RU SDK

[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](http://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/branch/main/LICENSE)
[![CI Build](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![CI Release](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Angular-RU/angular-ru-sdk/actions/workflows/release.yml)

The Angular-RU Software Development Kit (SDK) is a set of tool chain that implement common interaction patterns whilst
being un opinionated about their presentation for Angular. It represents an abstraction of the core functionalities
found in the Angular.

---

### Documentation

Documentation can be found at [angular-ru-1.gitbook.io](https://angular-ru-1.gitbook.io/sdk).

### Migration to v19

Check out the [migration guide](docs/introduction/migration-v19.md) when migrating to `v19` from `v18` or earlier.

### Compatiblity

| Angular | cdk / ngxs | Standalone Components |
| ------- | ---------- | --------------------- |
| 20+     | 19         | ✔️                    |
| 18+     | 18         | ❌                    |

### Packages

| **Package**                                                    | **Version**                                                       | **README**                                                                                             | **Downloads**                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [@angular-ru/cdk](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/cdk)   | ![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40angular-ru%2Fcdk/latest.svg)  | [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation--green.svg)](https://angular-ru-1.gitbook.io/sdk/cdk)  | [![](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@angular-ru/cdk)](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/cdk)   |
| [@angular-ru/ngxs](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/ngxs) | ![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40angular-ru%2Fngxs/latest.svg) | [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation--green.svg)](https://angular-ru-1.gitbook.io/sdk/ngxs) | [![](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@angular-ru/ngxs)](https://npmjs.com/package/@angular-ru/ngxs) |
